this is my review and unboxing for my
may 2014 multiple BOTS this is the
makeup box multiple has three
subscription boxes makeup accessories
and intimate they're all thirty-six
dollars a month if you sign up for a
subscription or if you just want to try
one box out it's forty dollars and when
you sign up for one bullet you fill out
a detailed profile and it's geared
toward whatever specific box you're
signing up for and I ask you a lot of
questions to really gear the best box to
you and I haven't really impressed
because $36 is kind of expensive for a
box so if I didn't love it I wouldn't
have kept it this is how the box comes
and first thing is there's always a
little quote it says we've missed your
pretty face right inside it says I
always keep a bottle of champagne in the
fridge for special occasions sometimes
that special occasion is you've got a
bottle of champagne in the fridge by
hester brown by okay this is Devil's
Friday's upload photos of your products
with a wonderful hashtag and it will
give a free box to one lucky winner a
week fine yeah I just tells you a little
bit more about what is right okay here
is the information card thank you first
thing when you sign up again you fill
out a profile and then it'll tell you
what your love likes and dislikes are
and they will never send you things on
your dislike list and they will always
try to give you things on your love list
and they'll also throw in some things
I'm like so on my dislike list I have
warm shades highlighter and bronzer
might actually change that up seems to
be kind of afraid of highlighter and
bronzer but as I've gotten more makeup
subscription boxes of you know try new
things so I'm actually going to change
my profile just next month and see
like it and the rest of this is like I
said the information card tells you the
products the retail value as you can see
it has a pretty high retail value
because one item is thirty dollar and
then it tells you a little bit about
each makeup item alright see so this
first item is by la belladonna this is
moonlight highlighting cream color and
this is this is the thirty dollar item
it says a luminous creamy lightweight
mineral-based flushed at a natural glow
color to the cheeks the nourishing
hydrating ingredients actually sue the
skin and it's light reflecting
properties reduce the appearance of fine
lines and wrinkles beauty tip apply with
your fingers for a natural glow and easy
blending back on the apples of your
cheeks and then blend outward in extra
fuel emotion and this looks like a
really nice shave let's see how you open
yeah
hmm see obviously thinking
okay there you can't see it you really
have to use you know rub pretty good um
you know to get it's a really light
color with a shimmer see so you have to
really get salon okay so this is jet
setter collection from NC LA los angeles
and color oh boy yep oh okay it's pretty
perfect for summer I only fly private
and the stick this retails for sixteen
dollars and this is 5 free and let's see
they don't test on animals and this is
like an orange it's orange color but it
has looks more paint up like a peach
shade so it's not really I don't like
orange it's just not my color but in
person this is letter that I think it's
showing up on the camera but it's
actually more of a peach shade it's
really pretty ok this is menaces makeup
this retails for fourteen dollars and
let's see Medusa's makeup sorry pathos
a.m. Medusa's makeup this reduces makeup
isn't most inspiring product people
can't get enough of it Medusa's makeup
I'd us is truly an amazing mineral
eyeshadow in the form of fine loose
powder think powdered sugar it glides on
a scam like silk and wears all day long
included two shades that will be
studying together or on their own apply
over eyeshadow primer for all day
staying power apply your eyeshadow
before your foundation so you can clean
up any potential fallout easily before
perfecting your
or just complexion okay really cool well
I'm just going to show you these because
if there's fine powder I don't want to
get it everywhere so I'll let you kind
of look at it here on the camera they're
really pretty there's like a nice lilac
and a pretty green those 15 all right
yeah this is latini straight-up color
lipstick all right and this is eighteen
dollars this shade is pink champagne ooh
that is really pretty yeah I'm gonna get
that on the top of the blush all right
so it's but I'm color here that is the
shade really pretty it's like a pink
shade and probably on your lips it will
probably look you know like a lip spit
better or at least for me so I love that
so that is everything in my one of a box
for May 2014 if you are interested in
signing up I will include the link below
so make sure and check that out this is
just a really nice beauty subscription
you know I always get a lot more value
than I pay for the box and they're
always very nice quality product so
subscribe to my youtube channel here and
you won't miss any of my unboxing I will
have a full written review on my website
at subscription box mom calm and thank
you for watching